Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, May 7th,
and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. We're taking a look at the E-
Mini S&P. To begin, my name is Ann Marie
Band, charts by Trendpider, Gamma Flows
by Menthor Q, and
news by Benzinga Pro. We also
use data analytics from tradewave.ai.
So, what are we staring down? The call
wall 7,400,
the put wall 7,300.
Uh CTAs are not engaging in the current
updraft which could give them another
burst of upside flow if they intend to
go or they simply wait on the market to
come back and then we rally again.
Either way, dips are still pullbacks.
So, there's been a big battle. Notice
last night
uh yeah that would be last night for
this formation. So it would been two
nights ago we broke the call wall and
continued the rally to the north. Very
very big flows moving up. I am very
surprised they continue to move the pull
wall up with them. I guess it's more
aggressive hedging to the north. Price
action is moving upward, but there is a
space where the flow is starting to
dampen and we are seeing dips coming off
of the major lines. That being said, uh
still bullish in general. Trend is up.
Momentum is in positive trending
territory. We're trying to hold the
VWAP.
We're above the pivot. We're above the
anchored VWAP. We're above the put all.
Everything is telling us dips or buys.
So the question is, what are we staring
at? So let's take a look at the volume
of the closing candlestick at 3:30. I
mean, wow, wow, wow. That very big
spike. And so here's the box. If we want
to stare it down and say, all right,
let's let's see what our extensions look
like. We can clone it to the upside. We
can clone it to the downside.
But I believe we've got jobs or
something like that coming out on
Friday. Uh, and things could stay very
sideways today, I would expect. So, here
we have the 3:30 and then a gap down
from the GlobeEx candle and then here is
the 4:00 a.m. candle and so 4 a.m.
candle above the closing candlestick but
unable to hold it. This looks like a
sideways day to me. So dips are buys and
potentially the spikes are going to be
selling pressure events. That being
said, there's still a lot of tremendous
upside volume and so be very careful
trying to short the tops of these. If
they don't immediately comply, you got
to get out. The high of the pre-market
is what is that number? 7,410.
Okay. Looks very interesting. All right.
Next. Um 73.84
would be the initial buy zone. I would
suspect I'm going to remove this
Fibonacci for now and take a look at
what we're staring down. All right. If
this happens to lose the 50 simple
moving average, you can clone the
rectangle takes us right into the pivot
after. Look at this run. See the
savagery? one, two,
two days of just a gigantic press
upward. Could be news driven, could be
short covering, could be all kinds of
things, folks. But what I do notice is
the dome is very active this morning.
It's normally a lot quieter, but it's
been very, very active. So, we could be
seeing uh another blowoff top event. And
if we do that, it takes us up to 7420.
And then the third pivot is 7430.
So big upside pressure, pullbacks or
buys. Notice very big volume candle
where they planted the flag.
Realize that they're going to try and
get up over that space, breach that call
wall, and if they cannot pull price back
down, it is going to be an accelerant
just like it was yesterday. All right,
so that's what we need to know.
Pre-market activity has been very rowdy,
particularly at around 3:00 a.m.
outsized, but whatever. Okay, let's take
a look at the cues. The cues, it's a
little toppy
coming into that Fibonacci expansion.
That's that's also very interesting.
Let's take a look at the primary candle
yesterday. It is the 9:30 event. last
couple of days, the closing candles in
the ENQ have not been
exceptional at all. They've actually
been less than the opening candle, and
that is also a bit unusual.
But
here's where we are. The 3:30 candle is
a little bit small,
little bit shallow, but let's widen it
out so we can see where our edges are.
The traders have lost the top of this
closing candle. market on close
and they are trying to recover it. Let's
take a look at the 4 a.m. Where's the 4
a.m. candle? All the way up here. So,
they're trying to get above that 4 a.m.
candle somewhere around 28,800
DTE call wall there. The big call wall
is now 29,000. So, that's has that's
moved up. The big put wall is still down
here at 23,300
or so. Trend up, momentum up. First
place they're going to try and buy is
somewhere around the early lows where
they tried to break down. 28,634.
That's right around that 50 simple
moving average. Again, everything up.
We've got pivots, anchored VWAPs, zero
DTE put walls, zero DTE call walls,
everything right in that space that is
telling us we we could end up having
absolutely dip buying, but more of a
rangebased formation soup to nuts if I
were a betting man. So upper edge, let's
clone this and walk it up.
It's always a pain in the tukus where
they're, you know, tight.
Whoopsie.
And we'll clone it down one more time.
We clone these candles down. We can see
top of the 9:30 open, which is the most
important candlestick of yesterday where
all the buying came in, planted the
flag, moved all the way up. Let's see
what that rotation was.
Okay, it certainly gave us 1 x into
excuse me 2x into the end of the day.
Let's see if it gave us two and a half.
It did right just about the halfway
marker of that.
So the measurements the measurements
look good.
That's the same candle. All right. So,
we're expecting, you know, potentially
upside pressure first mean reversion
28,634.
If it loses that, wait for it to get
down here and stabilize. If you want to
take the short edge, go to a smaller
time frame and let the trend of that
smaller time frame guide you using the
bigger picture formations. All right,
let's take a look at the YM. We'll do
this for Mr. Tom.
Very nice mean reversion and a bounce.
So, is the YM telling us that we've got
an upside pressure break on the horizon
potentially.
Now, 50,000. It's up over the 50,000. I
remember a hat going around at about
2007.
This hat for 50,000 in the YM or maybe
it was 25,000. I can't remember really.
Okay. So, what do we have? We've got
this flag from the prior high, this
high. That's where we're battling right
now. We came above that zone, but really
only had one or two candles hold before
we did the mean reversion. Debs are
definitely buys here. The 930
candlestick formation gives us a
potential low
for today. If we break this low
49,995,
we could easily walk to the bottom of
the 930 box and that gives us 49,87.
Really good,
right?
If that, you know, the 200 is a little
bit flat, so it could easily rotate all
the way down. Here's what we want to
look at. We want to clone this and move
it up here. We can see that's the top of
the box there.
If it moves out, we have 50,350
or so. And if it moves down, we have the
test of the 200 at 49,623.
Let's take a look at Bitcoin. Whoopsie.
Bitcoin did a great job of filling this
gap. Let's take a look at this. Did they
fill the gap? Really? I think they did.
No. Yes.
Yes.
Did fill the gap almost to the tick.
Look at this. Very interesting flows.
Come along, Sally.
Right here. Here is the wick
of the prior day. Now, they haven't
closed any candle bodies up there, but
that's not unlikely, right? This is a
measure of liquidity, folks. It is. As
long as this continues to rise up, we're
going to have dip buying. That's just
the way the market goes. This is a very
clean measure of liquidity in the
market. And as long as it holds steady,
we've got upside pressure. Now, that
being said, they did fill a gap. They'll
probably want to come in and test the
lower edges. And right now, we are the
200 is up, the 50 is flat. We are under
the pivot, under the anchored VWAP,
under a flatish
regular VWAP, and inside range, inside
value. It just bounced off of the bottom
of value area low. And that number is
80,786.
That's going to be the line in the sand.
If it cannot hold that zone,
it will come into the call wall, which
sits at 80,000 at this juncture. Okay?
It's well above the call wall. Remember
what happens when a call wall breaks.
Price actions expand until they unwind
everybody and they move back into the
range. They could easily lose this co
wall or they're going to have to roll it
up inside range inside value. We'll see
what happens. In my mind, I would expect
a little mean reversion which gives me a
bounce into say 82,000 at which point a
short opens up and then we move back
into frontline support where they try to
buy it again until liquidity dries up.
When's that going to be, Emry? I have no
clue.
I have no clue.
As I mentioned, we have two hedge fund
managers at the top of the Fed and the
Treasury at this juncture.
They know how to move money. It's just
their thing. Okay, now let's take a look
at crude. Crude, it bounced off of the
89 yesterday. Here is where the call
wall is 100. Put wall still down here at
85. What is the trend? It's down. 200
down, 50 down. What is momentum? It's
down. What does that mean? Bounces or
sell zones.
If we collapse under a support zone,
you could sell it again uh at the
breakdown. But, you know, with these
days, you never know, especially with
news being so able to move and, you
know, people making extraordinary bets
and making bazillions of dollars.
Um, while the rest of the world looks on
and says, "Oh, well."
So, what do we want to stare down?
Ideally,
the test of the 50 or the anchored VWAP
at 9515 gives us another short. The
problem is that ends up creating a
higher low. And if we create a higher
low,
then what we end up doing is
um
potentially building a floor here. So
something very important to watch. All
right. Very important to watch. If we if
we lose this level, you also have a
short back into 89. trend and momentum
are in your favor, but I do not like
selling breakdowns. I much prefer to
wait for a bounce, see if it's small,
comes up into some other relative
resistance. It might be 93.
Anything that just gives me a little bit
of an edge that tells me my price action
is not going to fail on me. Zero DTE
pull wall at 90 it looks like. And we're
at 9170. Lots of room to the downside
here, but
I'm
I'm willing to guess that 85 is the
floor for now.
Let's take a look at gold. Gold
continues to move up into uh all of
these areas. Now, to refresh your
memory, here's what we're looking at. I
said, "Hey, look at us. We're in between
the two moving averages. We've got a
higher low. Where are we headed? We're
headed to 4750, right?
That happens to be where the call wall
is, the put wall down here at 4450.
But we've got uh this is a zigzag. This
is a zigzag pattern. How reliable are
those? I don't know. You guys who do uh
Elliot wave are, you know, the geniuses
in the room, but I can't use that stuff.
It's just too hard to calculate. So, I'm
just going to stare down and look at the
boxes.
And so, what do I have?
Where is my longest?
Yes,
this this is my structure in gold.
So, I'm looking for the rotation up
from that biggest daily candlestick.
It could get all the way to 4,900. I am
guessing that between
4,800 and 4850, there's going to be
another short there. That being said,
this thing could continue to rally. So,
I'm not going to step in front of any
freight trains. Let's go down here and
see what we've got. Trend up, uh,
momentum up.
We're above the pivot. We're above the
anchor VWAP. We're above the regular
VWAP. Everything is trending to the
north. We're at the zero DTE call wall
at 4750.
What do the traders want to do? They
want to force it back down, but it's
bullish, so we're going to buy the dip.
Let's see where the midnight
Oh, 2:30 we got an infusion of
inventory.
And yesterday, oh, look at that.
Here is our baseline,
the close of that high volume
candlestick. Okay, so our support edge
today 4694. If it comes into that zone,
buyers fairly likely to move up. Henry,
that's a long way away. That's 50 $50.
That's $5,000
of motion in gold. What What do you want
me to do? So my thought is, you know,
give yourself a little break and wait
for price action to come to you if
you're going to go long or you can scalp
your way down in a short, but you want
to be very careful. Front line for the
buy zone 4725.
Okay, we have negative divergence.
That's the one fly in the ointment, but
dips are still buys. Just look for a
lower high if you're looking for
continuation to the upside. As long as
we make higher highs, this price is
going higher. Okay. Finally, we take a
look at SPY
up. Look at this. Look at that. Just
textbook upshot. I mean, boom. Momentum
drifting a little, but listen, every dip
is a buy. Every dip has been a buy. You
might go, "Yeah, Marie, until it's not
exactly exactly, but how about not
trying to sell it when everybody's still
buying it?" How about that? Okay. Right
now,
this is the line in the sand they're
trying to hold. It's the top of the 330
candle, the market on close candle. The
bottom of that candle gives us
7355.
73355.
Please forgive me. And let's just for
giggles draw a Fibonacci here. Very
tight.
And then where do we see? Yeah, we'll
just put one line here where the the
pivot is and then where the call wall is
729 because the call wall is below us.
Remember, when the call walls below us,
pressure to the upside expands and so we
have to be careful about thinking that
price action is just going to go ahead
and roll over,
though it could. Right, here's the top
of the range. 7:35 to 73650.
Going to be an interesting day. My
suspicion is that we have some digestion
today before a big jobs number is
released tomorrow. I think I think
that's when it is going to be released.
All right, everybody. Take care. I'll
see you on the streams.